Add docs for short circuiting (#29110)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/routing.md

:::code language="csharp" source="~/fundamentals/routing/samples/8.x/ShortCircuitSample/Program.cs" id="mapshortcircuit":::

`MapShortCircuit` returns <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.IEndpointConventionBuilder> so that additional route constraints like host filtering can be added to it.

The `ShortCircuit` and `MapShortCircuit` methods do not affect middleware placed before `UseRouting`. Trying to use these methods with endpoints that also have `[Authorize]` or `[RequireCors]` metadata will cause requests to fail with an `InvalidOperationException`. This metadata is applied by [`[Authorize]`](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute) or [`[EnableCors]`](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.EnableCorsAttribute) attributes or by <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.CorsEndpointConventionBuilderExtensions.RequireCors%2A> or <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.AuthorizationEndpointConventionBuilderExtensions.RequireAuthorization%2A> methods.

> To see the effect of short-circuiting middleware, run the following code with the following `appsettings.Development.json`:
> 
> :::code language="csharp" source="~/fundamentals/routing/samples/8.x/ShortCircuitSample/Program.cs" id="all":::
> 
> :::code language="csharp" source="~/fundamentals/routing/samples/8.x/ShortCircuitSample/appsettings.Development.json":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the effect of short-circuiting middleware, add the following highlighted line to `appsettings.Development.json`:

:::code language="csharp" source="~/fundamentals/routing/samples/8.x/ShortCircuitSample/appsettings.Development.json" highlight="6":::

Run the following code:

:::code language="csharp" source="~/fundamentals/routing/samples/8.x/ShortCircuitSample/Program.cs" id="all":::
```

Reviewer: They need to add a `,` to the preceding line. You could move the comma to the added line. It looks a bit funny but then it will be copy/paste. That's what I usually do.
